Add Web3 University to online communities and support pages (#5031)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/learn/index.md

- [What’s new in ETH 2.0](https://eth2.news) _A regular newsletter about Eth2 development_
- [ethresear.ch forum](https://ethresear.ch/) _Deeper technical discussions on Ethereum for Eth2 and beyond_
- [ETHGlobal](https://ethglobal.co) _An Ethereum hackathon series - attend one near you!_

> - [Web3 University](https://www.web3.university) _A community driven online resource foused on teaching and learning Web3 development_

Reviewer: - Few typos/conventions
- Removed 'teaching and learning' as the sentence target was changing mid-sentence

```suggestion
- [Web3 University](https://www.web3.university) _A community-driven online resource focused on web3 development_
```
